# Perpetual Business Source License for dbsavr

## Parameters

Licensor:             Aaron Pardes
Licensed Work:        dbsavr v0.1.0 and all subsequent versions
                      The Licensed Work is (c) 2025 Aaron Pardes
Additional Use Grant: You may make use of the Licensed Work, provided that you do
                      not use the Licensed Work for a Database Backup Service.

                      A "Database Backup Service" is a commercial offering that
                      allows third parties (other than your employees and
                      contractors) to access the functionality of the Licensed
                      Work by offering a hosted or managed service where database
                      backup functionality is a primary feature of the service.

                      Users may use this software freely to back up their own
                      databases or offer it as part of a larger service not
                      primarily focused on database backup.

## Perpetual Business Source License

### Terms

The Licensor hereby grants you the right to copy, modify, create derivative
works, redistribute, and make use of the Licensed Work for any purpose, except
for the restrictions specified in the Additional Use Grant above.

If your use of the Licensed Work does not comply with the requirements
currently in effect as described in this License, you must purchase a
commercial license from the Licensor, its affiliated entities, or authorized
resellers, or you must refrain from using the Licensed Work.

All copies of the original and modified Licensed Work, and derivative works
of the Licensed Work, are subject to this License. This License applies
separately for each version of the Licensed Work released by Licensor.

You must conspicuously display this License on each original or modified copy
of the Licensed Work. If you receive the Licensed Work in original or
modified form from a third party, the terms and conditions set forth in this
License apply to your use of that work.

Any use of the Licensed Work in violation of this License will automatically
terminate your rights under this License for the current and all other
versions of the Licensed Work.

This License does not grant you any right in any trademark or logo of
Licensor or its affiliates (provided that you may use a trademark or logo of
Licensor as expressly required by this License).

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" BASIS. LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND
TITLE.

## Definitions

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined in this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.

"Database Backup Service" shall mean a commercial offering that allows third parties (other than your employees and contractors) to access the functionality of the Licensed Work by offering a hosted or managed service where database backup functionality is a primary feature of the service.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.